README Updates (#345)
Boeing/config-file-validator: README.md

validator -globbing "/path/*.json" /path/to/search
```

## Calling the config-file-validator programatically

The config-file-validator can be called programatically from within a Go program through the `cli` package.

### Default configuration

The default configuration will perform the following actions:

> * Search for all supported configuration file types at the cwd

Reviewer: Maybe this.

```suggestion
* Search for all supported configuration file types in current director and its subdirectories
```

Because `cwd` is a bit obscure
